Update Security Policy with new supported Versions and Update Advisory Publishing Process (#3235)
secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Our _release cycle_ for new features (minor [semver](https://semver.org/) update)

> is roughly every two weeks (we will usually make a new release after each review).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is roughly every four weeks (we will usually make a new release after each sprint review).
```

| Version | Security Fixes* | Supported** |
| ------- | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| 5.x.x | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| 4.16.x | Critical issues only | :x: |
| <= 3.15.x | :x: | :x: |

### Major Release (Semver)

_Upcoming major updates_ will come with a time window in which both _major versions_ (starting with v2.x.x)
will receive security updates and bugfixes. The concrete support interval will probably be a couple of months

> and will be published when the next major version is released.

Reviewer: Did we ever done that, backporting e.g. critical dependency updates to an older version?

Author: No

Reviewer: Maybe we should remove that.
